Add support for with_request_body to ExtAuthorizationServer (#4148)
projectcontour/contour: changelogs/unreleased/4148-abhide-small.md

> Add support for with_request_body to ExtAuthorizationServer. See [External Authorization Configuration Overview](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/extensions/filters/http/ext_authz/v3/ext_authz.proto#envoy-v3-api-msg-extensions-filters-http-ext-authz-v3-extauthz) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a new field, `withRequestBody`, within HTTPProxy's `authorizationServer` to allow client request bodies to be sent to the external authorization server. See [External Authorization Configuration Overview](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/extensions/filters/http/ext_authz/v3/ext_authz.proto#envoy-v3-api-msg-extensions-filters-http-ext-authz-v3-extauthz) for more information.
```

Author: done
